How dare you come in, you stinky delivery guy?
speak wildly
Welcome to the director
Mr. Gong, what did you say?
Are you mistaken?
He's a delivery guy.
Summer worms are not compatible with ice
Simply the king of the economy
It's not that I got the wrong person
Did you mess with the wrong person?
Don't kneel when you see the dragon army
Dragon Army
Someone who can make President Gong Luoming of Yunding Group kneel down
Only he is
Now knowing the identity of the owner doesn't count
Sophisticated scum like you
Repeatedly rude to the master
Ok what you've done before
I'm going to let you try them all.
come
Eat these things on the ground and wipe them clean
Kowtow three more times to Long Jun, kowtow stronger
I eat well
Longquan, please forgive me
Longquan, you should also be contacted by a master.
Please spare my life
I'll get out right now
Take it so soon
Red Dragon Ming's subordinates are removing this person from the party
Cut off all avenues of life
Begging for a living